Generate the changelog at release time rather than updating in each PR #changelog (#1031)
TextureGroup/Texture: RELEASE.md

# Release Process
This document describes the process for a public Texture release.

### Preparation
- Install [github_changelog_generator](https://github.com/skywinder/Github-Changelog-Generator): `sudo gem install github_changelog_generator`
- Generate a GitHub Personal Access Token to prevent running into public GitHub API rate limits: https://github.com/github-changelog-generator/github-changelog-generator#github-token

### Process
- Run `github_changelog_generator` in Texture project directory: `github_changelog_generator --token <generated personal token> TextureGroup/Texture`
- Update `spec.version` within `Texture.podspec`.
- Create a new PR with the updated `Texture.podspec` and the newly generated changelog, add `#changelog` to the PR message so the CI will not prevent merging it.

> - After merging in the PR. Create a tag at that commit and push to `TextureGroup/Texture`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After merging in the PR, [create a new GitHub release](https://github.com/TextureGroup/Texture/releases/new).
- Publish the release to CocoaPod: `pod trunk push` (you'll need permissions for this).
- Announce the release in the slack channel.
```
